add recommendation for RabbitMQ integration (#28945)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/data_streams/go.md

### Monitoring Kafka Pipelines
Data Streams Monitoring uses message headers to propagate context through Kafka streams. If `log.message.format.version` is set in the Kafka broker configuration, it must be set to `0.11.0.0` or higher. Data Streams Monitoring is not supported for versions lower than this.

### Monitoring RabbitMQ Pipelines
The [RabbitMQ Integration][10] can provide detailed monitoring and metrics of your RabbitMQ deployments. For full compatibility with Data Streams Monitoring, we recommend configuring the integration as follows:
```yaml
instances:
  - prometheus_plugin:
      url: http://<HOST>:15692
      unaggregated_endpoint: detailed?family=queue_coarse_metrics&family=queue_consumer_count&family=channel_exchange_metrics&family=channel_queue_exchange_metrics&family=node_coarse_metrics
```

> This will ensure that all RabbitMQ graphs populate, and that you see detailed metrics for individual exchanges as well as queues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This ensures that all RabbitMQ graphs populate, and that you see detailed metrics for individual exchanges as well as queues.
```

[7]: https://github.com/DataDog/dd-trace-go/blob/main/datastreams/propagation.go#L44
[8]: https://github.com/confluentinc/confluent-kafka-go
[9]: https://github.com/Shopify/sarama

> [10]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/integrations/rabbitmq/?tab=host

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[10]: /integrations/rabbitmq/?tab=host
```
